the US Women's National Team will finish
up its two-game tour of Europe with a
match against the netherlands on tuesday
night April knife here in The Hague it
will be the last chance for the u.s.
players to showcase themselves an
international competition before June
friendly against Canada and once again
this is a match that could showcase the
depth of the US team the depth of the
squad is one of the many good qualities
we have of this team it almost seems
like we have two teams that are
constantly battling and kind of proving
themselves to to Tom and to the
teammates and I think it's good and I
think the competition within the squad
is good and it's valuable for each
player it's cool to get I feel like
everyone's you know getting a chance and
I think that you know it's been awesome
because it hasn't been really a drop off
at all and it's exciting to see new
combinations of players out there and
feel that in every day and training as
well the training is phenomenal we've
been putting together some very
competitive practices before all the
games but I think it's great we've got
so many talented players that you know
every day when you come out here you're
trying to win it's not easy and you know
we never let up I think this trip has
been extremely valuable getting to play
to quality opponents and having the
squad that we have I think this
experience is great being in these two
countries are great and so we're looking
forward to the second game yeah I think
it's really cool there was an awesome
atmosphere in Germany and hoping it's
going to be similar here I personally
have never played against holland so i
think it'll be an exciting game kind of
a team that this team hasn't faced in a
while so it'll be good from holland i
know a couple the girls they play in
Sweden I think that they're going to be
a quality team and you know I'm sure
they're excited to get to play us before
their euro tournament they're going to
come out hard they always everyone does
when they're playing us and I think
they're going to be a quality side we
expect a good game against on their
quality opponent and
I know that they're going to have a good
team because they're preparing for euros
and so I think it's going to be a tough
game and also being in haunt two
different atmosphere but we're obviously
going to bring it and try and get a big
one you can watch the u.s. woman take on
the Dutch in the Netherlands for the
first time since 1991 live via video web
stream on ESPN 3.com and ESPN W com the
match kicks off at one p.m. eastern time
fans can also follow along on US soccer
comms match tracker and on twitter at US
soccer underscore w NT from the hague
netherlands that's it for this edition
of studio 90